Update XPRESS documentation (#2990)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator: docs/user-guide/solver/optional-features/xpress.md

```

## Compatibility

> The currently supported versions (8.8.x and 9.3.x) have been shown to work well with XPRESS 9.25.0. Other versions may work, but using them may lead to crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently supported versions (8.8.x and 9.3.x) have been shown to work well with XPRESS 9.2.5. Other versions may work, but using them may lead to crashes.
```
